Add edits for better understandability (#484)
acend/kubernetes-basics-training: content/en/docs/exposing-a-service/_index.md

Name:                     example-web-go
Namespace:                example-ns
Labels:                   app=example-web-go
Annotations:       openshift.io/generated-by: OpenShiftNewApp
Selector:          app=example-web-go,deployment=example-web-go
Type:              ClusterIP
IP Family Policy:  SingleStack
IP Families:       IPv4
IP:                172.30.118.125
IPs:               172.30.118.125
Port:              5000-tcp  5000/TCP
TargetPort:        5000/TCP
Endpoints:         10.128.2.45:5000
Session Affinity:  None

> Events:            <none>

Reviewer: Please leave out this part.

oc get route --namespace <namespace>
```

> Browse to the URL and check the output of your app. (Hint: If the site doesn't load, check if you are using the http:// , not the https:// protocol, which might be the default in your browser.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browse to the URL and check the output of your app.

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
If the site doesn't load, check if you are using the http:// , not the https:// protocol, which might be the default in your browser.
{{% /alert %}}
```
